Tooltip: Add option to hide zeros when all series are shown (#97986)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-tooltips/index.md

- **Ascending** - Values in the tooltip are listed from smallest to largest.
- **Descending** - Values in the tooltip are listed from largest to smallest.

### Hide zeros

> When you set the **Tooltip mode** to **All**, the **Hide zeros** option is displayed. This option will show or hide series with 0 values from the list in the tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set the **Tooltip mode** to **All**, the **Hide zeros** option is displayed. This option controls whether series with `0` values are shown or hidden from the list in the tooltip.
```
